# BLACKJACK TRAINER

https://www.google.com/search?q=blackjack+images&rlz=1C5GCEA_enUS866US866&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjnua-cwN_kAhVpRN8KHXioBQ8Q_AUIEigB&biw=1680&bih=861#imgrc=_KJNk38W_tIx9M:

## This application was created so that a user could pracitce their blackjack skills. The first version allows you to play against the computer and make any of the decisions you could at an actual blackjack table. The application starts out with asking the player how much money they would like to "deposit" (There is no real money involved). Once they add money to play with, they can now make their bet and begin to play. The cards are dealt to the player and dealer, with one dealer card showing and both player cards showing. From there, you can double down, hit for another card, split the cards, or stand. Once your turn is done, the dealer then goes and the result is shown to you. The player can continue to play the game until their money balance is $0.

## The plan for the second version is to incorporate the blackjack strategy card in the game to give the player professional advice on what to do each hand. How this will work behind the scenes is the total player card amount and the dealer card amount will be passed to a function. This function will check the black jack strategy card and return what they recommend doing on this hand. The purpose of adding this feature is to make the player better aware of how to handle the different hands they get. This is the main reason why the application is called "Blackjack Trainer", becuase this feature is training you on how to handle the different hands you can get while playing. Before I add this feature to the game, I wanted to ensure that the actual blackjack game is working the way it should.
